Non-Commercial ShareAlike Software License (NCSSL) Version 1.1

Definitions

"The Software" refers to the software distributed under this license,
including its source code, binaries, and associated documentation.

"Commercial Use" includes, but is not limited to, any use of the Software
for commercial advantage or monetary compensation. This excludes use by
educational institutions, non-profit organizations, and open-source projects
that may receive donations, provided such use does not primarily aim for
commercial advantage or monetary gain. Examples of prohibited commercial use
include, but are not limited to, selling the Software or its derivatives,
using the Software to provide paid services, or incorporating the Software
into products or services that are sold.

"Derivative Works" means any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is
based on (or derived from) the Software and for which the editorial
revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a
whole, an original work of authorship.

1. Grant of Rights

Subject to the terms of this License, the Licensor grants you a worldwide,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use, reproduce,
modify, distribute, and sublicense the Software, provided you comply with
the following conditions.

2. Attribution

You must give appropriate credit to the original author of the Software,
provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. This
attribution must be included in any documentation and, where feasible, in
the software's user interface.

Attribution should be made in the following manner, where feasible:

In digital products: via an easily accessible 'About' or 'Credits' section
that includes the original author's name, a link to the software license,
and a note of any changes made.

In physical products: within the product documentation, including the
original author's name, a reference to the software license, and a note of
any changes made.

3. Non-Commercial Use

The Software may not be used for Commercial Use.

4. Share Alike

If you modify, transform, or build upon the Software, you must distribute
the resulting work only under the same license as this one. If you
distribute the Software in its original or modified form, you must include
the source code or make it readily available to recipients.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty

The Software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.

6. Limitation of Liability

In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim,
damages, or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or
otherwise, arising from, out of, or in connection with the Software or the
use or other dealings in the Software. Licensees are encouraged to perform
their due diligence to assess the Software's fitness for the intended use.

7. Termination and Remedies for Breach

a. Cure Period: Upon breach of any term of this License, the licensee shall
have a cure period of 30 days to remedy the breach. Failure to remedy the
breach within this period may result in penalties, fines, or termination of
the license at the discretion of the licensor.

b. Penalties and Fines: If the licensee fails to remedy the breach within
the cure period, the licensor may impose reasonable penalties or fines as an
alternative or precursor to termination. The amount and nature of such
penalties or fines shall be commensurate with the nature and severity of the
breach, and designed to encourage compliance while compensating for any
damages or administrative burdens incurred by the licensor due to the
breach.

c. Notice and Opportunity to Cure: Before imposing any penalties, fines, or
proceeding to termination, the licensor shall provide the licensee with
written notice of the breach and the intended remedy (penalties, fines, or
termination). The licensee shall be granted an additional period of 15 days
to address the breach before any penalties or fines are imposed or the
license is terminated.

d. Payment of Penalties or Fines: Payment of any imposed penalties or fines
does not absolve the licensee of the obligation to remedy the breach.
Failure to pay imposed penalties or fines within the specified timeframe
will result in automatic termination of the license.

e. Dispute Resolution: In the event of a dispute regarding the imposition of
penalties or fines, the parties agree to seek resolution through the dispute
resolution mechanisms outlined in Section 11.

f. Reinstatement: If the licensee remedies the breach and pays any imposed
penalties or fines, the licensor may, at their discretion, reinstate the
license, subject to any terms deemed appropriate by the licensor to prevent
future breaches.

g. Network Use Compliance: In cases where the Software is made available
over a network, the licensor reserves the right to request a demonstration
of compliance with the Network Use as Distribution provision. Failure to
demonstrate compliance within a reasonable timeframe, as determined by the
licensor, constitutes a breach of this license, subject to the remedies and
breach procedures outlined in this section.

8. Sublicensing

Sublicenses must be granted under the same terms and conditions of this
License, including all obligations and restrictions. The original licensee
remains responsible for ensuring that any sublicensed parties comply with
the terms of this License.

9. Patent Rights

This license does not grant any rights under patent claims of the licensor
or contributors, whether already known or hereafter acquired. If the
Software incorporates or is based on patented technology, the licensee is
responsible for obtaining the necessary licenses from the patent holder(s).
The licensor agrees to provide notice, to the extent possible, of any
patented technology included in the Software.

10. Distribution of Source Code

All distribution of the Software or its Derivative Works, including those
made available over a network, must include access to the source code.
For binary or network distribution, an offer must be made to provide the
source code. This offer must be easily accessible to users of the software,
ensuring that all recipients, including those accessing the software
remotely, have the ability to obtain the source code as per the terms of
this License.

11. Network Use as Distribution.

If you operate the Software or any Derivative Works as part of a service
accessible to third parties over a network, you must either provide the
complete source code for the Software and Derivative Works used to provide
the service under the terms of this License, or make the source code
available through a network server that is accessible free of charge.

12. Jurisdiction and Governing Law

This License and any disputes arising out of or related to it shall be
governed by the principles of international commercial law. For any dispute
not resolved by mutual agreement, the parties agree first to attempt
resolution through arbitration before resorting to litigation.

13. Severability

If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision
shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and
the remaining provisions of this License shall remain in full force and
effect.

14. Versioning and Updates

The Licensor reserves the right to release updated versions of this License.
The licensee may be notified of any changes and may choose to continue under
the terms of the version under which the license was originally granted or
adopt the updated version.
